One is missing in the title red heart
get well no no I was missing it I had too much I
had too much I'm
answering
Uncle Sur's chat Ah ah I'm missing that's
also true I was missing one and I was
missing another one yes no yes I'm
sick man yes I'm
sick well let's take a look let's take
a look come on I'm going to
talk less I'm going to talk less let's take a
look guel papea Ricky Edi
in a masterful way [ __ ] I would love to
have some kind of extension here that
would read all this Texaco there won't
be one
Ah okay okay okay look I'm going to do one
thing Okay I'm going to do one thing to
talk as little as possible I'm going to open
the Google translator here
okay And I'm going to do the following look you
see all this text you see all this
huge text that the extra has put here
well I'm going to take it and I'm going to say
yes Right now the extra
a kiss Gus today I'm going to talk a little
okay let's watch the gossip but very
quietly in the chat they talk
again about Ricky's opinion edit
about the Editors' salaries since
the stutterer was not present stutterer
says that Ricky said what he said because he
came to the defense of his editor who is his
friend but that there is a video where
he gives the same opinion that they
have Sur comments that he also
hires Latin Editors because it
suits him it is more profitable
economically in the same way that
Ricky went to Andorra to pay less
taxes exo another vwrd more in the face
Hehe And here comes gibel papeando tells him
kekli that what should matter is the opinion
of the people who work with Sur
who came out to defend him and says what
bothers me the most about Ricky edit is that
giving this opinion about Latinos
sounds very racist treating us like
mongoloids who don't know our
rights, see and Latinos know how to
defend our rights much better
than the Spanish who don't even know how to
keep their women but well these are
things that usually happen Hahaha Z says that he doesn't
know how to feel that he is in the
middle whether to feel offended or flattered
face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter face
rolling with
laughter stutterer  of what Ricky said edit
because you weren't there when it happened lo ri
Oh thanks for opening that melon I was there I had to
write it down Ricky daddy
because I think he
answered me in a certain way too but the thing is I
wasn't there and I didn't have the time to
answer him but Ricky you got
really offended by what we said about
the Editors and the miniatures he kind of got
a little bit tough on uncle shur if
we look closely I don't know exactly what it is
because I tell you I'm coming back and I haven't done I have
n't even unpacked my suitcase but
if we look closely there's a video of Ricky
edit saying the same thing
we say defending the fact that if you
want to pay less for an
Editors service he can support it Holy crap But this would have been
good if he had
prepared it and put the click Well of course There is
a click there is a click where Ricky
says the same thing as
us but in which video could it be let's
see I'm going to put Ricky
edit Ricky edit
Editors
editor private tweet I gave him work and he
did this to me let's see I'm going to do one let's see I'm
going  let's try This video is worth it deals with
a fight he had with an editor
HM What do I put a
salary of course people who have to moderate
100,000 viewers every day and
are in charge of everything Yes you have
salaries But because they work 8 hours a
day obviously obvious and watch out that I think that at
no time in which you have
worked with me or for me as you
want Call that later they will tell me no
but it is that no anyway if any of them have
asked in fact the current moderators
can also respond to this at the
time in which you have said I think
a budget would be necessary because
we are putting in more hours than necessary and there is a
lot of activity in the chat on my
part I think there has been no against no of
no it is not possible to pay because I don't know what I
think directly Okay, then
we adjust a price that is good and we
make a monthly payment or not Here I am
going to talk about what we Well, I have
been moderating the discord for a year, a year and two months or
so, okay But well,
maybe we should look for
something related to latan, no eh
latan, Latino
No, what is clear is  what to say there is a
click of Ricky Eddy saying the same thing
but having to blindly trust that
it exists I should have searched for it the
truth is I should have searched for it and
posted it I don't know what the video is but there it
is because I remember seeing it and a
friend also confirmed to me that the video was
there he got offended by the shur
I think as he is his editor and he is his friend he
came out to defend him but in reality he
has a video in which he says the same thing
we say and it's also that he stutters
or rather I am that he is stuttering to
talk about anyone no now but
anyway this is an
independent topic to those who have a stutter
damn it would have been good if he did it
with the click of course it's
because of that TR rule I now take
here Imagine if someone tells me
Jai It's that you don't like to
buy popcorn at the movies you like to
buy them at the kiosk and I am
defending that I like to buy them at
the movies okay eh And I'm not I am
the kiosk and the other one is defending that
no what is  that you have to buy them at the
cinema because you consume them there because they are
from the cinema and so now I go and say
careful there is a cli where you say the
same thing as
me let's see that is not worth much that is not
worth much I should have
looked for it and prepared directly with the
click I hire Latinos because they are
cheaper for my own good and because
economically the same as we say
and It's that also Cartaja or rather I
hire Latinos because they are
cheaper for my own good and because
economically it is more profitable for me And
you why do you go to Andorra to pay
less taxes than in Spain no because
you are also attracted to the idea of money
Well, there is one way and there are others and that's it
and it's an absurd moral debate Oh
go to Andorra stop paying taxes
in Spain Oh hire Latino already but maybe
the Latino that you hire is not
exploited as they exaggerate nor does he earn
$ per day which he is not either Of course
but the thing is that that is a
mutual agreement or rather and in that agreement
but this is like the one who goes to Andorra
or rather eh Why do you go to Andorra because it
seems to you that the taxes here  from
Spain are excessive, I mean there is no
more, I have always defended that
people leave Andorra if you have the
possibility, if you don't need to be in your
land. I am precisely in the
situation that I am in, I am not going to
raise my children in Andorra, honestly. I
mean, they can come to me. All the
youtubers who are there can come to me and
try to debate me. Oh, but Javi,
how come it's not the best place to raise
your children, not what you want, eh, you
go there because of the taxes. If I
had been alone with Lorena, we
would have probably gone. Not to Andorra. I would
probably have gone to Portugal. I
like the place and the climate of
Portugal more than Andorra. I don't know if the
tax benefits eh will be similar or
not, but according to what they tell me, those of Portugal
are much better. It is much better
fiscally than Spain. Not when it comes to
being self-employed. I don't know. I haven't
even checked because I don't even
consider it. Okay,
but of course, me having children, I
want to have them here, you understand. Yes, it's
true that I don't live where I used to but it is
Here my parents are around here, you know. I
mean,
no, no, no, it wouldn't be worth it for me to
be there in the middle of the
mountains, eh, really far away because in the end,
what difference would there be in being in
Andorra than being, I don't know, like,
anywhere really far away, eh,
cut off. Because the truth is there's no
airport, you have to be going by
car from Andorra to Barcelona and from
Barcelona you take the plane to wherever
you want
or or by car directly to
everywhere, okay, but man, it's far, it's
far, man. I understand that if you live in
Barcelona, yes, if you're a person from
Barcelona, well, to be in Barcelona you have to
visit Andorra and go down every now and then on
the weekend to see your friends
or your family, period. Okay, but but it would
n't be worth it for me.
Okay, the one who leaves is doing it to save on taxes, okay. But the one who
leaves isn't going to go there for the rest of his
life, be an evil person, not Ricky who was from
Cordoba, not
Ricky Edi, at some point when he's
Maybe my age or 10 years older
than me right now, if he continues working
in this, then he'll have saved up and
made his  Fortune will invest in several
things in Spain, in business or
whatever, and he will go to Spain, and he will go to
Spain because what you do in Andorra is normal,
okay, the normal of all of
them, the normal of all of them is to
do it to save taxes but with a
view to returning or with a view to returning or
having your tax domicile there but
staying as much time as possible
in your city as is what
Gref does, they've caught him on a
few occasions already, no, Gref, he sticks the
days,
uh, you have to be in Andorra
as a requirement to be able to pay taxes there,
so the guy counts with a
calendar how many days he can, he can
be in
Murcia, what can be done,
the law allows it, that's what there is, okay, I don't see it as
bad, it's a trick. Well, a trick. But the thing is that
I see it, I see it as good in the
sense that, well, while I
'm not using the
public services here, okay, I see it as
good in the sense that I don't
agree with the amount of taxes that
are paid here, if 20,
25, even 30 were paid here, almost
none of them would leave, you're  since you are in
your land you are nowhere and
everyone who is moving up
and down is because of the
tax issue so as not to pay that huge amount
of taxes that they have to pay and then you
find out that they go where they are going and
the health care is very good eh I mean the health care in
this country is incredible it could
be better but it is incredible look at
what has happened now with this man
who is hospitalized in Thailand They
brought him here it is worth a thousand things
but there is also a lot of influence
a lot of scams and a lot of
corruption a lot of spending on cocaine and
prostitutes and that is what really gets to your balls
no I mean that you manage to earn
50,000 30,000 100,000 euros a month and you
pay half of it to the State so that
these scoundrels spend it on what they
spend it on for no reason okay I mean if there
weren't still scoundrels
spending only on those things Well you
say Well then great but in the
end all those who leave  to Andorra
everyone who goes to Andorra goes
with the idea of saving money but not
like [ __ ] it's my New Home not like [ __ ] it's
my New Home I'm going to make my
life here and I don't want to know anything about
Spain anymore Well since I don't like
taxes then I don't want to know
anything about Spain ever again eh I mean I'm not going to go
to Spain I'm not going to come back when I'm
50 noada not only that they're going to come
back when they're 50 but that they're
going to come back when they're 50 and
in the meantime they're going to stay as many days as they
can in
Spain like Gref does and that's how it is and I see it
well Well the law allows it No, well that's it Well the
same thing about this thing of
hiring
Latinos, right now I don't
have one well the only one there is
Zlatan the
place because Aiden if I'm not mistaken
is not Zlatan
Jesito is an editor but he's kind of
sporadic the truth is that right now
almost all of the ones that are on my team
are but let's go I would pay them the same or rather I would
pay them the same eh if they were from tin or
from the Congo I would pay them the same
were tin or were from the Congo
why because that's what it is, that's what there is.
I liked Juan's gossip video
that you published a
while ago. I always share your videos
everywhere. Juan's gossip video that
you published a while ago. What video did I publish a
while ago about
Juan? I mean, I would pay the same. Why?
Because I don't pay based on whether you're
tin or from Spain, I mean, I pay
based on what I can pay. Okay, and
in fact, I have an agreement with the
editors like. It's logical. Depending on the
type of video, one price or another, there are
videos that are more elaborate, there are videos
that are more such-and-such, there are videos that have
videos that we know work, there are
other videos that are weaker, for
example, when we start a new type
of video, for example, the news on
Teles Alceo.
So that's how it is. Why? Because you,
mm, I would like to pay like he pays, eh, I
was going to his editor, no, he pays him 15,000
bucks a month, but of course, I was
probably going through his YouTube channel. Let's
see, yv
IV Through his YouTube channel  What is the name of
ibai's [ __ ] channel?
@an
damn, are you only going for
monetization because you probably get paid
between 50,000 and 100,000 bucks? So you
pay him, he pays the editor 15,000. Of course,
they talk about mongoloids and you don't defend
the use of people's disabilities
to belittle
people with
DAU syndrome. They talk about
mongoloids. I haven't heard it, Solange. I haven't
heard it, daughter, but
you'll see, for example, when it is used, if you
want us to enter into that debate,
eh. I don't see it as pretty, obviously if I
can avoid it, pressure, I avoid it, okay,
but for example, with the
[ __ ], I understand that it is not the same
as this, we have talked about it on other
occasions, for example, when we
talk about autism when
someone is insulted by calling them autistic, okay. Why do
n't I see it the same?
[Music]
because because I think that in a
colloquial way, I don't know, it does not refer
exactly to Down syndrome, but
well, if I can avoid it, yes, I avoid it,
okay. I hadn't heard it
anyway. Berto, a
kiss in Spain, I know badly.  used
colloquially Yes in fact I think there was
a debate not to have it removed
from the third no that was with autism
no that there was a debate to have it
removed anyway
eh I think it also depends many times
no because there are many times that the
word autistic when you say it to
someone dude you are autistic it is
used in one way and there are other
times that it is used another way I mean I think there are
many words and this
is not the debate of the day but well there are
many words that depending on how you
use it and with the tone that you use it it
can have an intention or not
eh What were we saying Ah the subject is
not I mean you pay based on what
you can pay why Because you are not going to
pay more than what you generate because if not
you have to close Chiringuito in two
months okay I mean basically it is like that Hey
probably when you do not generate
a lot when you do not generate a lot
on the
internet Well maybe you are more interested in
taking someone from latan Why Well
because to the latan you are going to pay x amount of
money and it will be great for him
because because it will  It's going to be
[ __ ] great because in your country
to earn that salary you have to work 24
and a half hours a day. Okay, and it's going to cost you
a lot less with you and doing what
you like, well, it's fine, okay.
Personally, right now we have it
set up very well because they earn a salary that's good, okay, they
earn a salary that's
good and they're also very well paid, they
invoice and all that stuff. I mean, in
that sense, I think it depends on
how things are going for you, okay. But
well, I see it as valid. I mean,
I've paid people less
money when I was starting out, much
less, and maybe thanks to the work
that he's having, damn, the controversy
wasn't with who it was with the bedaf for
the
10, what were the videos generating? 30, I can't pay you
50. I would love it, it's probably your
job, seeing a person who doesn't
pay him what he would have to pay in Spain,
but what someone there would have to pay. Well, maybe
because of
that, he has a [ __ ] great life, he
works at what he wants, he lives quietly,
and well, and a lot of things that  I don't have to
say them,
the people who work
with me have to say them and curiously enough, all the people who
work with me are coming out to tell him that
I started paying 10 euros, 10 euros.
But not to the bedaf, there was someone before
him, there were several before, the thing is that I do
n't remember who they were, but there were
people that I paid 10 per
video. Let's see, I'm also telling you, it's not that you
require an edition. Now, the
videos that we're making today on the
main channel today, well, they are
a little more like this, but like
newscasts and type,
you know, they are videos of what, 3 hours, 3 cu
hours, it's that I need them to be 3 cu hours,
okay, but these videos from back
then that I made of reviews,
no, they are videos to spend 3
hours on, of course, a few cuts and a couple of zooms
and such, you also have to see that, it
's not a
Tamayo video. But well,
eh, in the end it's supply and demand, you
offer and the other person, I mean, you offer this,
you offer this salary for this work
and the other person, well, it may suit them, it
may  to be interested or not it's as simple
as that that he's an [ __ ] well and
that he didn't care about the opinion of the people
who worked with you
no no no because because he wanted to he
wanted to come out in favor of the action of the
French union of miniatur No why
Why did the Latinos who
supposedly he enslaved so much shur
why didn't they complain about this instead they
came out to support him my editor now
earns less than 15 which is why it bothers me
that Spanish people like Ricky edit
doing these things sounds very racist
treating Latinos as if we were
all mongoloids who don't know how to defend
our rights let's see Rick we Latinos
know how to defend our rights much better
than the Spanish who don't know how to get
or keep their women
but well these are things that usually happen and well of
course we're not Latinos I'm trying
not to say that friend I'm in the
middle I don't know what to feel based on your
words I feel offended or
flattered right now doubly offended I
don't know if but it does burn me that they treat
Latinos as if we were mongoloids
who don't know how to defend  the things that
are ours Oh oh it's that
Latinos are mongoloids because they don't charge
more because they know what
work is worth to them, I mean if a
person from I don't know, let's say Peru, I don't know
what the average salary in Peru would be, 8 an
hour, 6 an hour, and not a chance, much
less, but for sure, let's say it's 6
an hour, a person who pays you, uh, 7 an
hour to edit a video is going to say,
well, yeah, I charge seven, I charge more than the
average salary for editing almost everything,
I'm happy, I don't have to charge more, and
he says no because I'm going to get less
work. It doesn't make sense
anyway, eh, I
mean, it makes sense if you're talking to me
about a
guy, it makes sense if you're talking to me about
a guy who's generating 15,000
a month, if you're talking to me about a guy you're
generating 15,000 a month, man, if you
're looking for Editors, eh, to pay
300 a month in Editors, damn it, I'll give you
the [ __ ], you guy, you know, but it's not for
nothing, but because you pay based on what  you
generate for me the editor is a
very important person in the channels all the
Editors Well we all are not so much
the editor Like for example luare who
helps us with collecting and searching for
information and news not so that we
can be there to carry the three
channels
forward everyone is important and everyone has to be
happy okay but
what am I telling you So in the end what
if that person there in their country for a
worse job is going to earn less than what
you are offering them for a
better job and that they
like it and they accept it Where is the catch
on sona
well anyway I don't even know if I'm going to
extract from I don't even know if I'm going to
extract from that no because that debate is already
a bit Well yes because of gibel
extract for gibel no Well
here a little bit has been generated I have
generated I have stirred the hornet's nest in fact
a bit host it has 500 likes the truth
is that I thought it was going to have more hate
okay I have stirred it a little but without even
seeing the clip just reading what he
said what he put the extra okay
let's let's
listen to it let's
listen to him there was no lack of mention of Dallas
in the discussion they start talking about
the evening and they say that virus is the one who
should complain the least since
he is not supposed to participate in an
evening again and they gave him a second
chance gibel comments that it seems
very strange to him that no one has dropped out When there are
only two months left until the day This
is where Sur intervenes and names the
pambisito Hehe comments that it is very strange
that Dallas hasn't made a video yet you
want some naughty gossip material Hahaha
Me too crying loudly tartag
asks them where they think Dallas would
stick the scalpel and well they agree that it was
because of virus criticizing that he was going and
let him participate or maybe because of Alana
Joselin Let's see let's see the clip of
Dallas still about the evening saying
some nonsense about one of the
parantes come when he is with with ma the
evening not when there is more I mean when there is
little
time left where the little apartment will come out This
but it is that I love it
because I mean we notice the first thing okay it
is the t that I have put it
is my opinion eh  I mean, I don't know if you'll
agree or not,
okay, Dallas.
No, maybe Dallas didn't do
V about the evening this year because it turns
out that the point last year
wasn't to screw IB but that there was an issue to
report. I mean, it's just an option,
it's my opinion, eh, I mean, like
last year there were a lot of people like,
no, screw it, it's that you criticize Ari, it's that you
criticize Germn, let's
see, let's see, last year there was a
reason that wasn't to screw up the evening because he
's
deb,
okay, it wasn't to screw up the evening and last year
Javi with the Hari video last year he
wasn't screwing up the
evening he was screwing Ari because he
had fought with
Ari. What, what, what are you screwing up the evening
talking about? Ari cheating on her
husband, I mean, let's see, let's see,
yes, yes, Dallas's intention,
for now, simply thinking about
that, no, yes, Dallas's intention is to screw up
the evening.
V me, you're going to forgive me, but with all due
respect, those would be
very high aspirations, the
truth is, you can't screw up an event that  it
has to fill 85,000 tickets in an hour in one hour
and it has I don't know if 3 or 4
million
viewers man the
sponsors are screwed but it's not because Dallas
screwed it up it's because I
screwed it up we're still waiting and let's
see what explanation he gives but what happened
last year wasn't it It's to screw up the
evening it's because what he wants is to down
cancel the event let's see no if that would
have deactivated it and it goes in a
moment in the way that would have been the
logical thing I didn't know this this man is
not going to be the protagonist of my
most important event this man is going
out
but apart from that apart from the fact that
I think that each video to each
participant of the evening last year
dude what about maichi So it turns out
you have a friend who's having a hard time
because she's been with someone for a bad reason
but nevertheless you mayichi
why now a year has passed mayichi Where
are you What number do you have mayichi Let's see
Where can we see that twit
Tracker twit Tracker
maichi u dude I'm going to die eh maichi What
numbers do you have well magici has  168
subscribers on
Twitch 168 subscribers on Twitch and has an
average
of 489 viewers a peak of 100 is
interested mayichi
look so bad
either you have a friend who had
gone through this And you knew about ccu you're
going to talk to Dallas that you know that
you V going to put it makes no sense at
all but This is not that Dallas wants to
ruin the evening It's that this is to
pull each other's hair out okay what about Germn
[ __ ] I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] what about Germn what about Germn man you
know in the evening some students who earn a
lot and that for example I think that
last year the one who grew a lot and who
gave it a lot of momentum but then because he
also knows how to maintain it and because she is a
person who is succeeding on her
own okay like eh the girl est rivers
Because that girl was already propelled she was already going
up So you give her an
evening and the girl already puts the icing on the
cake you know but a friend a
maichi is going to go unnoticed she is going to
gain a handful of followers and a handful
of attention those  days around and that's it damn
How would Maichi have been if
I had said here I wouldn't have been the one who would have made
the
note and I would have won a lot
more [Music] This year Why haven't you Dalas released
videos of the evening what is going to
release a video of the
evening of what who is participating
like that man well I imagine that a
few will dislike him I think he
dislikes Selin I think there will be a few that he dislikes
but also I think that there are
some that he likes but well the
protagonist of this year's evening
who plex with
Mariana because they have to cancel
this year's evening if they invite me this year
I think I would go eh Not for nothing because
surely I think that even Fran will
go accompany
plex I don't know that this year there is nothing
wrong with it Ah but it's that he made a video
to Ari taking advantage of the virality of the
evening
Ah south and that's not what we all do of
course the sh now the shur now because he is
dedicated now nobody criticizes now
nobody criticizes now Jerry that I do not
criticize you I do not know who that I do not you  I
criticize now they make news okay it's
very good perfect but when you've
dedicated yourself to criticism like we
continue to dedicate ourselves to some when we
make videos to youtubers
when they are in the spotlight no but
come on that's not what Dallas does that's
what Dallas does and all
the youtubers of gossip
criticism do when you're going to release a video of
Jordi wil
today you're not going to release it when he does a
distraction when he does this
fight event when he says something controversial and
his name goes viral on Twitter because that's when you have to
make
videos for
people how many people are there today who are
looking for my mouth and and and they don't even pay
attention why because it's already happened or
rather but it's like that but well well the thing is
that if Dallas does it yes
Dallas does it we're going to see nonsense a kiss the thing is that
Dallas does it taking advantage of
trending moments to make a video about someone, he
does it dala and we've all done it and we
all do it I'm not saying eh I say eh
that maybe I'm talking crazy
eh this year and shelo for being  Friend of
all,
where would it be put? I mean, if you
were the little dick, where would you put the
scalpel for Shela for viruses, no, Shelo has
one there, I would say for viruses that they've
given someone who was doping an opportunity once
and all that stuff,
no, but not either. I mean, if you start to
analyze it, it wasn't as exaggerated as, I mean,
yes, the doping was positive,
but the substance, no, it wasn't as
exaggerated as they painted it, but at the
level and at the gocu level it's not either, I can
already see the speech by Dallas from
IV who didn't have the balls to go down to
Coscu last year, this year. So he
invites me to this guy who has cheated and
doped such a disgrace IV, I don't know
what, I don't know how much, something over there, over there,
Deelin is also going to talk. Ah, about
Alana. Maybe he'll talk, let's see if he talks about
Selin, he's not talking about Alana, he's going to take
a position, you know. I don't think
Leana loves herself.
[Music]
Blitz Why? Because she's Ari's sister, let's
see, surely all this that she
mentioned, if they talk about them, for
what  yeah but why would
they make a video out of
nowhere anyway is that they are focusing on
what they are going to find a way to make a video
against the evening I don't think that will happen we will
see but I don't think that will happen
the truth is one thing is the issue of
cosu and another thing is I'm going to see who is
at the evening to make a video to
cancel it that no no I don't see Dallas
having that impetus that he falls
malivai has shown it no I think it
's no secret that he will dislike
Celin in fact Celin already mentioned her
negatively with the thing about the Mexicans that he
dislikes virus also mentioned it
Ne but making a video out of nowhere of the
evening to say such I don't think so The
truth is I don't think so Maybe I'm wrong
eh I don't know I don't know but I don't see it I don't think so
The
truth is it sounds reasonable Greetings but it
wasn't that you are not the doggy defender
of Dallas and it bothers you a lot when they
call you why does it bother you that and
Company have an opinion on whatever they want
Sorry What's wrong with this What  what happens to
this
person
Ah ah, that would be
okay Okay, that would be that would be nothing, I'm not
saying damn what's wrong, [ __ ], let's see, no, let's
see if I can't give my opinion on an
Electra video, no,
eh, in the end what's going to happen is that
Dallas makes a video about the evening, it
adds more than it subtracts, no matter how much they
deny it and they like Dallas and their
opinions matter to a lot of people I
totally agree Dallas doesn't like
the event For obvious reasons but his
objective has never been to attack
the event itself, I understand that
Dallas said in the video of the 3rd evening
that he doesn't care about that event but
that the third edition was the exception
because of the violin issue but the thing is
that Dallas in the other editions,
eh, the Dallas in the other editions has
n't made a video about the evening, no I
mean, the previous edition he
made one, it was Ari's thing, no, but of course
Ari's thing is not about the evening, he didn't make
a video about the evening in the other
editions guys wake up you're
asleep guys wake up you're
asleep did Dallas make a video about the other ones
editions of the evening let's
see Give the
evening the autopsy the
evening of Capri and Mayichi that was
brutal
eh ccu
C
herman editions previous editions I don't
know, I mean in the other three editions
Dalas hasn't gone to try to cancel the
evening
no I mean the move was this not the
ccu issue I'm
not asking you eh I'm older
Hi Javi I was watching your controversy with
the son of Meji Vergas and a talo Suca you
were very aggressive before I laughed a lot
sometimes that is strange
Javi leave me I'm very calm
chivito a kiss but thanks thanks
but that has been many years we haven't gone
many years We are talking
calmly about six
no Let's see let's see what they've messed
with
Osuka good character t many times the
characters Osuka if we put Osuka on
YouTube videos of mine come out but
videos of mine with 200,000 views come out sa it's that
many times these characters that I
invented
4 years but many times
these characters that I invented
myself so you can see
we make relevant who we
want and who  no 200,000 views
116,000 there are times that it depends on the
topics and there are other times that
it was because they provoked Javi
a lot Well I will do it today I
also get some little things there in the groups What
happens is that the truth is that I have
already said it on many
occasions to me today provoke me
what do I
tell you already said I have the job that I
want
eh I have what I need I have my house I
have two wonderful children enjoying
them I can enjoy them as much as I
want no Because I work at home I
am lucky to work at home I come
and go when I want FL a kiss
you know I have the best woman in the
world both physically and internally I
mean what I tell you I'm going to start
fighting with a c you told me the
son of a messa no that they come to provoke
there is some funny comment here no from
some of some people when you
send it to me here it's that I'm going to get into
that if I have everything in life
kids but you don't put together a mini it
's also true There yes I agree with you
exactly tesa sea  it's that I
absolutely have everything why am I
going to try to refute
people who don't leave but it happens to me a lot
eh they send me a lot of things from people maybe so it's like they're in a
session
with me for life Juan Casallas
a kiss and it's like I say wow if I
don't even remember this person I don't
even know what they do and they send me and I'm
like that Well there it's very good I'm glad that
things are going well for you for example
these people who have messed with me they have
n't told me let's see this I haven't
seen it okay they sent me an email eh I don't
know who it was I don't know if it was Jero or
one of these who send me so many
emails
and it turns me on they mess with you since
you have wonderful followers it
's also
true
and they have messed with you in the discussion and I
said to myself how how to these people yes to
these people if I go into them because these
people have visits to these people if I
go into them Javi they left the arjit channel Don't
tell me now we'll see it now we'll see
when we see this
that Aon and villin there's one over there there's one
sued who looks for you on
Twitter yeah long Eh yes I referred to things
like that but it's that he has me blocked
and it appears but it's that they send it to me
because I keep saving it for
when it's my turn uh to use those things that they
send me those screenshots because they send me
The screenshots and I stay like that and I
check it and I say but if I got
blocked or rather like I don't have
anyone blocked then they start
responding to my tweets so that
people see like they're
responding to me but of course I don't see it
because they have me blocked and it's like
But why are you responding to me to
someone that I don't interact with, I don't
mention in public you understand and
having already anyway why am I going to talk
is that there was no going to talk about that They really
end up well they end up and we don't talk about that
thing with auron and billin that they broke up yeah
Exactly well with that they ended up But I
don't understand why they say it like that in And
why in rol while vin is
dancing with his  character and auron
seemed to me to be very equ Ah, I mean, they didn't
make a statement. They didn't appear on
screen, these GTA role-playing characters. I
think it's to indirectly
show that there's still good vibes between
them and they continue collaborating. They're going to continue the
same way to protect Sara,
basically, I mean, that's to protect
Sara,
eh, so that people don't turn
against her, no, no, not only the issue of
losing followers or not losing them,
which could also be, not so that it doesn't
affect her, so that it affects her as little as
possible,
okay, but also so that people do
n't turn against her, not with hate,
too. Well, look, kid, we've
broken up. The news has to be given that it's
broken up, no, because in the end they
presented themselves as a couple publicly.
No, then I think it was up to
me. What I think was not appropriate was to
deceive people. The truth is, it's
true that you have the right to
say it, to say it whenever you want,
whenever you want, okay,
eh, but I don't see deceiving people anymore.
eh. Deceiving people in this way is not just
look at Auro's sweatshirt. Yes, because
the other day, look  I got a leak I do
n't see those things anymore I don't see it one thing
that you don't say is within your right,
more would be missing, more okay but already
get involved I don't know but well
My
exclusive is confirmed evidently but of course I
already said that I were
n't going to deny it to me they weren't going to
deny it to me I had it confirmed
those things
s to you it seems that it is in good taste, in
bad taste to expose When someone
ends or some private relationship
before the protagonists do it
if it is
yes it is dala surely yes eh that is
good and it has to be done and it is out and and we toast and toast we
toast Thank you
dala for the dinner okay But yes yes it is another one
who is very ugly the truth is why K you forgive
these so much don't pay attention to them kiss
chivito yes to me I tell you yes I don't
do it I mean, I'm not about couples No, not me
because
I let's see stuttering has said that the subject of
couples is not okay let's see I don't
know what the name of the stuttering channel is, the
stuttering okay let's see let's see Wait
Wait I'm going to
look I'm going to
look how sick I am
eh Sure but they mean to make it
public no That's the answer they're
going to give me no or topic let's see what he
said I don't touch on the subject of couples or I
tell you that yes I don't do it I mean,
about couples No, not me because I let's see, I
don't touch on couples but on couples
No why Let's see
wait what couple could
the stutterer have talked about Dallas
I want to feel your body J mine because my
soul doesn't have time
fro What couple gref and
gemita well
Yes I don't see that the stutterer
[Music]
plays at the moment I don't see it eh correct me
if I'm wrong but yes there I think he
's telling the truth something else that I
agree with no let's see The Movida is that I do
n't know if he will have touched on the subject of
couples or not
eh I see that Jer de Cry Yes but I can't
find anything else the truth is there hasn't been any
couple
no no the truth is that no Let's
see this is very
simple
hab buscada una pareja que presenta en mi no no
vea I know
several couples are coming to mind with whom I'm trying
and no no no such
em  let's see this is very simple, the issue of
couples, for
example, to the extent that they have
allowed you to speak, what do I
mean if it is a couple like several that I can think of
that have commercialized
with their
relationship with their public life, okay And there they have
sat down to talk about fights,
not only about their relationship in a
good way but in a bad way and they have
lived and have monetized from their fights
and their
reconciliations, okay, like for example
those of Slvame And those people, well, yes, of
course, you can talk there But let's go full
throttle, full throttle as long as it doesn't defame, no, well, yes, of
course, why not now, the issue,
for example, an Auro and a villin, where would
the limit be, man, well, I think
that simply they have broken up or they have gotten back together, it does
n't seem wrong to me because in the
end it doesn't cross the line of where
they have spoken, okay, eh For example, I
also gave, I also gave the exclusive about
Greg and Gemita when they broke up,
[ __ ] how am I,
eh how
am I,
eh Where was I Where is Where is where is that
video, what is it
called, what is
this called? You
see when these people broke up, I also
gave it  I exclusively something else and
then it's the people who would give it credit or it's not
worth it What I base this exclusive on is
very simple I give all the rumors
and all the indications that are in public
okay In fact around here I think I
put them on screen and say Look at this this this
and this
okay And then I ask a few
sources that are reliable and they
confirm it okay without further ado I started to
comment if gemita eh has bought I don't
know what size of panties or I don't know how many
packs of pads have not broken
these indications are public Pin Pin Pin
Pin Pin and I have checked and I have gone to a
few sources and they have broken okay about the
aurom thing I am telling some
intimacy of what I have done,
auron has not done not even with the villin thing
or rather with the villin thing I was super
cautious okay but I think the limit
is in what each one puts their
private life basically for example
Imagine me I do not talk about my
private life, I mean you guys don't you don't know Who
my father is, my mother, my sister eh What does
my father do is that  I don't talk about
my private life what do you know about my
private life Oh I've got a sore
throat Oh I have croup you don't know that I have
children okay You don't know you don't know
Who they are you don't know what they look like I don't
expose them here you know that I have a wife okay
[ __ ] I break up with Lorena one day and
someone finds out and says it Well you
may like it more or less but in the end it
's public that I have a woman
called Lorena and that she's my partner no and
many of you follow her on Instagram
up to there Okay now it would be another thing if
someone exposes that my mother-in-law has
bought I don't know what and that she has I don't know
how much money in the bank and that she earns I don't
know what salary a month [ __ ] well there you go you
cross the line why Because it's not it's not a it
's not a part of my
life that I have made public you
understand there are other ades however that have
had romantic relationships and
during the relationship well they have sold Their
content as a couple they have made a
lot of content as a couple and then
the breakup Well they have also exchanged
videos of them fighting So I  I understand
that there gives a little more freedom of
expression not when speaking and I
think it is based on that, I mean in the end that
I that I give the exclusive
of slip a kiss
Let's see you that you give the exclusive that they have
broken up that seems to me the most like thing in the
world I have reported on that
yes because let's see yes no no if it is
about an
ex couple or something a relationship like that private before
the protagonists do it yes to me
I tell you yes I do not do it I mean,
about couples No, no, because I have
reported on that I do because let's
see yes no no if it is about
an external couple that I do not
know and I do not have dealings with And yes of course I
For example, for example, I am not going to
talk about whether the stutterer breaks up with his girlfriend, I do
not even know if he has a
girlfriend or Tommy, I do not even know if Tommy has a
girlfriend or does not have one or the stutterer
has one or does not have one
okay, I am not going to talk about that here about whether
Tommy, I mean if I do not know imagine that
imagine that the stutterer has a girlfriend
from 4 years ago and now I find out that he
breaks up  with the girlfriend I'm not going to
give that why Because it's not public
that the stutterer has a girlfriend and the
girlfriend is a youtuber but the case
of auron and vin is very different they are two
streamers they present themselves as a
lifelong couple they are known as a couple
He has brought her to Twitch he has made her
participate in his events and his things it
has nothing to do with it or so it's that
and apart from that it's what I'm telling you I mean I
'm not telling you
vill's father's credit card number I
'm telling you that they have broken up without more
and yes well it is someone public from my
environment well I don't care about the
repercussions that that has you know
if it's someone close to me well no if I
F if I fyo being one of my friends
obviously reporting on a
relationship that has nothing to do
with me you say or so what gbel asked
was before they make it public
that you expose it there yes it seems wrong to me
that it is a public couple that ends, I mean
for example what I am pan and Natalia do
that my salsa colleagues come out to
talk about it It seems perfect to me they are
public figures and they made it
public but for example the thing about Auron and
Vin that was between yes and no there was
the theory and that you come out and say oh no
yes they broke up and I know from such a source it seems
ugly to me because my son then what do you do
only echo
the news that they are already giving to
everyone So you have an
exclusive from two people let's see me with
Auron I have very good cordiality but
Auron understands let's see you
know if suddenly I find out
that Auron's dog is
addicted to alcohol well the mom
tells me hey please silly example
that I just put don't be me who knows
family intimacies or things like that I'm not
going to tell them In fact I know many
intimacies of many youtubers and
some with whom I don't even get along
but I'm not going to tell it because no
because I can't because it's not appropriate and
because no because no because it doesn't fit you
understand me or rather but I tell as much as I
can, I mean do you think it's not
me more things about
Auron himself dude the  auron del mejo that what was
talked about that that that is that rumor
I
knew it I'm going to make a video saying
auron pees
himself I mean no or whatever but what what about
the breakup with billin does
proceed and more when there were indications and more
when there were already
indications what I
tell you well what was confirmed with
reliable sources is what there is but everyone
does their content as they
want it depends I still
maintain it depends on the type of relationship I
have with the other person and I also
think it's ugly because you don't know
how they want to communicate it
and you don't know if the family is aware that
an external person says they
broke up this doesn't seem to me like you don't
gain anything for a couple of visits or something
to give news that is good man
But why is it going to take el
gibel if el gibel I'm sure that Let's
see Look it's that of course elel as he doesn't upload
all his content
no
gibel that el gel doesn't upload his content
would have I would love to see if el gibel the
times these times that there have been people who have
said that they have
leaked conversations with Dallas or
girls have come out there talking about
Dallas and stuff like that I would like  see if
he has reacted to them or has given any attention to that
type of
content
you know it seems silly to me But
well but it seems silly to me
because it's not even that I
really think that That nonsense besides he is not
giving the news that the cure for
cancer was found he is saying finished nauro
ni
bishin it's that my channel but it's that
our channels are about that
No
man the content is that no gossip I don't
understand press Rosa I understand I understand
gbel
friend you were going to say something about Ari yes he
talked about the subject and said that nothing
nonsense
eh guys the thing about fofo I'm not going to talk about it
today I can't stand it or if we
talk about it what do we do
Ah this is
true it's true I put this because
I saw that Agustn was there again wait
a moment I'm saying something I
saw again that Agustn was there eh he
got involved with the gossip channels
again and I opened it here well I say I'm going to
see what's wrong with him let's see I'm
listening to you nter Play makes a video
response to Agustn 51 about what he
said about the gossip channels begins by
saying  that threats
do nothing to him And that he has many more
balls than he says that the delicate
windy 51 did not like how they handled
the news that he left fortnite
hahaha And well he continues to show how
Agustn contradicts himself and victimizes himself all
the time oods What do you
think if he was upset by how
the
news that he left fortnite was handled he
has balls I have many, many more
balls than you woodpecker I
mean, look now Where is the level eh
look now Where is the level we had
before one who thought it was really ugly that
someone had the exclusive that a
couple
broke up okay
eh And now we have this one the
next level, don't give the news that you
have left
fortnite in a way that I don't like it
I will be missing many things and I will have too many
but what I do not lack and
if I have too many are balls okay that I
have them for pendants so let's
see it at me with threats Not mechant neither
you nor Come like you look at yourself miori go
but the las  threats Why do I have
many, much more balls than you
woodpecker Because look, I may
lack many things and I will have others to spare
but what I do not lack and if I have an excess
are balls, okay, I have them fat and
hanging so let's see it,
with threats I am not intimidated Neither you nor
Come like you look at yourself, my, go on the
battles that I have lived And here I am my
people these days we have been talking
about Agustn since he said he was leaving
okay news quite remarkable
since Agustn is the top one of the best
in the subject, I mean I don't give a damn kid I
know it's hard to go into Twitch and see that
your favorite forn content creator
is in another category let's see irony
aside news and period everyone can
talk about it if they feel like it
elbel said in your live that he knew
private things
nonsense [ __ ] why did you tell me this now
why were you telling me this now it's true
let's leave this aside so that I can
put this so that I can put this
places in that
excerpt it's
true wait wait wait wait
that was with  delos here
no that was while delos were here let's
go don't [ __ ] with me it's true what
happens is that wait because of
course I didn't put that I didn't put anything about gibel in
the title but he started he didn't start
telling
something what it was it wasn't something from
Ari
Gameplay it wasn't something [ __ ] delos has to
come now
eh we have to do it
right now I have to talk to him man to
invite him it's that neither It's that
the gossip the truth about youtuber is
a little no it's not accompanying much the
truth Let's see
wait That was
months ago That was months ago and well maybe
if I'm not mistaken I didn't put
thumbnails Here it is Okay here it is
[Music]
I have no problem saying his
name okay gibel Who is the elite for you
And with whom of them do you have
contact Who for me let's see I know something
about the elite is very very heavy are you going to
tell it Here tonight I'm going to tell it
fart I'm not going to tell it are you going to tell it I
could tell you in private but no
nobody can hear us eh in private for  I
want a psychologist, I want it in
public. Let's see first, who is
the elite for you, and let's see the elite, and for me,
every person who has more than 5,000, I said
the second, and you have to understand it. Of course,
but I understand that it's the one I
know, but it's very strong, but from whom,
to whom, but I mean, who put it there,
no, from whom, you know
the information and it's not, it's not a crime, but let's
see if I do, and we don't say names, and we don't say names,
and each person who
interprets it, let's say it without a name,
or can we use code names?
No, no, no, no, I know your
code name, let's see,
no, I know your code names, but
it's what are we saying about the beds that I've
missed, can you imagine, tell it, tell it
without
names, without names, eh, but not even
hints of names, eh, it's tense,
eh, it's like when I'm waiting
for you, Whom, you, you, but let's see, now it's
going to be nonsense. Ah, no, for me, that it
is, not that they say it, don't tell it,
you tell it, Ah, that you're afraid of
say it yourself okay well Mel just told me
privately son DEA
and a little bit jug no let's see
I'm not saying I'm not saying names like it doesn't matter you
can say without names
according to a source who tells me I can't
reveal his identity I also have
n't received it it has been received by me that there is
a person that many of us could know who
has reported he is not that famous he is not that
famous Well a person who has reported
another because this other one
would have
announced that it begins with w it's another you like him you
dislike him that for me
inover I don't like how he's
forcing his Mexican accent now well the one who
anyway is there it's that this is
a live show here we are here
live improvising I don't know okay but
I'm sure that if
agib Well I'm sure that
people in the comments box of this
same live show are going to put it by gibel
that day I don't know what gibel the other day
said this about my father I'm sure
that gibel has talked things about couples and the
intimacies of others and things
like that there he half spoke I don't know I don't
remember I'm not going to watch it all
now but he half spoke  in
fact of course In fact here we are
debating about Ricky's infidelity
edie Ricky hits him what do you
see that he can I don't know I understand that he
is referring to talking about it to you making it
public not a breakup anyway Well
let's start with this again let's
start with this again
eh Let's see I want to find out what the
hell is wrong with Agustn now look at
the level we are not talking
exactly about people who think it's
really bad that you make a breakup public
and give an exclusive about a breakup but
then we have Agustn 51 who
thinks it's bad that you talk about his
news that he has left Fortnite No that's
the level already Play makes a video
response to Agustn 51 about what he
said about the gossip channels he begins by
saying that threats don't
do anything to him And that he has many more
balls than him he says that the delicate
windy 51 did not like how they treated
the news that he left Fortnite
hahaha And well he continues showing  how
Agustn contradicts himself and plays the victim all
the time uts What do you think a kiss
Fran Let's see let's see what
Agustn said about the
salsa channels now I have many, many more
balls than you woodpecker Because
look I lack many things and bounce
but what I don't lack And if I have extra
are balls okay I have them B
hanging so let's see it to
me with threats I'm not scared Neither you nor
Come like you look at yourself mral go on the
battles that I've lived And here I am my
people these days we have been talking
about Agustn since he said he was leaving
fortnite worth a gita I'm caught joking
quite remarkable news since
Agustn is the top one of the best in
the subject I mean I don't give a damn kid I know it
's hard to go on Twitch and see that
your favorite fortnite B content creator
is looking for another category let's
see irony aside from the news and period
everyone can talk about it if they feel like it
C distance to the delicate
windy  51 didn't like how much they've
dealt with the matter the truth is I'm not going to
lie that lately every day I'm
more fed up with me saying Hello
guys that I'm not going to Thank you very much to comid
from ep games and having five seven
accounts that upload it to profit
negatively at a toxic level as it was they're
waiting for you dad is in on it well come on let's get
the party started what did you say
Hello guys that no thank you very much
comid awesome summary convenient and very
banal of your speech of the tons of
[ __ ] that you threw at Epic and the game
we forget about that no they continue
doing the piece of [ __ ] that they do they have
n't improved the competitive mode in 3
years it's all [ __ ] dude and he's
done it many times as if tomorrow
and he's left with zero players because what
t to talk about no no and it
could also be compiled during the while he's
playing it he's also made
toxic reward toxic comments
start to toxic arm you are not toxic
Agustn you are misunderstood in
life so that all the qu all What do you do I
just looked for him  I just looked him up
and this guy is a normal,
run-of-the-mill guy bro he's a normal, run-of-the-mill guy
well in the gameover that I did for him in the
gameover that I
also did for him he was crashing with people and he would
start putting up profiles when he was on
Facebook he would start putting up profiles of
people there of kids
there Cos comes to mind
So you are it's the video game it's
not the game it's you But what do you want me to
tell you, I have no idea about this
what he says I'm not here for numbers
but well what do I know thousands of people
right now talking about cuch left
fortnite that it's going to come back because it's going to
drop in numbers that I don't know what I don't know
how much when I've said thousands of times
my stream that I stream for pleasure that I do
n't even do it for numbers the
numbers matter so little that here you
mentioned them I might really like the
phone F as of today there will be 25
people and apart from seeing the 25 people
you're not going to enjoy it playing what
is the most important thing This is not profitable
dude specifically changed fortnite for
the game  in fashion for pleasure Also
bad-minded and talking about pleasure when
I have said a thousand times my direct
well but again with the issue of
money eh we cut the subject very quickly eh
remembering that he lives in
Andorra we cut the subject so he lives in
Andorra period that's it there is no debate
that I stream for pleasure Are you sure you
want to come back when the new sison comes out
I will play with the toxic environment
so harmful to you that there I have
left and I swear by what you
believe the most that I cannot be happier
with Pilarm of the for community because it has
been one of the worst communities in
which I have participated in how bad
the forn batt royale community was in
general with all the
content creators and the cyber bullers that are in
fortnite and the shitty game that it
has become and everything in general I
was comfortable you were having such a bad time
in that environment that when the
new s comes out I will play but let it be known that he does not
do it by number okay surely he does it
for these people and royale lover you can
go espa because I think there are
more est  uploading another game that is not
for batt royale that is what you want to
see do you want to see that in a year I have
not touched the for batt Royale And I will still be
present in your lives with the
same clips in other video games do you
want to see how I take out the two games
live and sniff them for
hours do you want to see how muo once
again toxic community of [ __ ] that
work the care the effort carries
a reward regardless of what
you think from your house that you do not
do a [ __ ] thing do you want to
see it again do you want to see again how I
hit you again it gives you it turns you on you get
horny challenge me well you'll see you'll
see I just don't understand why he is so
nervous about a stupid subject you know
what the subject is no it's not even that it is being
talked about you see for example what we
were discussing before not a
private subject that they have brought up some
intimacy of yours and it pisses off someone who
threatened you and you get nervous no no no
eh they are talking about that he has
left fortnite that
it's a thing that is a video game it's a game that you spend the afternoon playing If you want to play it you play it and if you're not interested in playing it don't touch it I mean what am I telling you how is another community going to make a video V be just as present in your life for you to
consume it you're going to see it let's see if my
numbers go down let's challenge it No, do
you find it funny to play with that
because since it doesn't affect you, do you find it
funny to say that a creator can
change content because they're sad
in their content and say that when they can't make a
living from it they're going to have to
return to where I don't know, do you find it
funny because you're talking about the
life of someone they don't know and who lives
well, it's not funny to you, damn it, but
man, I don't understand this guy if this
is a role or it really affects him, I mean, it
really affects you, I don't know what they
said, okay, I mean, I think I mentioned this topic,
no I mean, the
issue of him leaving
Fortnite, that click of leaving Fortnite
sounds familiar to me that I did mention it, I don't know if maybe it
would be, I think that  It would be the last
newscast before going to the beach I think it
was but what do you care no and Fran thinks it
's a role sometimes I doubt it is that it
really affects you that you announce
something so relevant not within your
content no what is that you leave the
video game that I believe is its symbol
no I mean I don't follow Agust much but I
think that yes he has been in other
games no and he has been in other
content but I believe that Fortnite
is one of his Well in fact recently we
were mentioning that he was
having a good run with Fortnite
again that suddenly Agustn had
had a period last year of
more modest numbers And now we've had
a few months not more powerful I didn't
see them with 7 8000 viewers you remember we
talked about it no then Well then let
people talk I mean I don't know what
the gossip buddies have said
But what could have
bothered him about such a banal subject challenge me challenge me
let's see it for a moment
Forgive me for telling you  agustincito do
you want to see how I take out both balls
in Direct and mefis for hours
you've already done this literally Also let's do
it there it is, I have it
big okay I have it, I have it
big giving it col Tula to the
tablet or whatever the [ __ ] I have there what do you
think is worthy of a person who
defines himself a kiss Billy Thank you very much
this way and I am very capable of creating
content with a sea to me give me this
spray that p cleans screen okay
give me a little bit of you I love you with me
thrown my face bro I didn't want to throw my
face and I love you content damn it I
promise you like I'm a good
content creator I don't give a
[ __ ] that I can
play
stupid everything that ded up to the
balls dude I'm really about to
start using
copyright claims to report these channels
like I did before that I did my whole
life but balls dude
Oh that topic dude we were recently
talking about it on telesalseo also that topic
dude
Uf again FL vilk debate thank you very much
Hey applause applause for
those five  members Thank you very much
handsome, it's that at the moment in which
you say that you use the
copyright tool so that they don't
talk about you, you are saying that you use
the copyright tool for something
that is copyright. So that's where
the fraudulent debate ends and that's it,
man, how far it is. It was not clear to me so that we
understand each other, I want to be a
public figure but no one to have an opinion
about me. No, Agust definitely has balls, an
attempt at an audiovisual dictator
because look, I will be missing many
things and I will have others to spare, but what
I do not lack and I do have balls. I think
that one day someone should open the
floodgates of a trial for this issue,
man. Look, let's see, it's very simple.
When someone says what
Agustn is saying, put TR on someone
else. Wait, my
dog would swear, I would
swear that the dog was around here and I
say weird, weird because no, it doesn't come in.
Listen to me, one day this will pass, eh, I mean, it will
surely pass because there are many
problems with this copyright issue. I
put you and you put me between lesal.
Recently there was also a debate on this issue,
for me, my opinion is very simple, I mean  like
first thing What do you care if they talk
about you what do you care, I mean if
someone crosses the line like like
for example what happened to me recently
[Music]
eh I've filed three
lawsuits I've filed three lawsuits in
the last
m Well I think one was filed in
December [ __ ] Thank you
so much bilik thank you so much a kiss man
Thank you so much for [ __ ] 15
members you gave away the [ __ ]
eh Hey wake up wake up there
eh wake up there eh Let's see there the thing
is very simple okay YouTube first thing
What do you care if they talk about you I
understand that there are times that there are
people who can get really fed up with you well
man you eliminate them from your radar and they
talk to a wall I mean in the end
you have to accept It's that in that
sense I've really focused on that
issue and I see it from another way okay
eh And on some
occasions on some occasions maybe I've
gone crazy and I've thrown
maybe you don't count But some
Twitter guy who catches you and  and you get a cli
Maybe And on top of that he cuts it off
to give another meaning to what you
were saying Then that really pisses you off
because maybe it goes
viral or some of your words get spread that
in the live
meant something different than what they are
implying But in the end dude,
look You think that with all the
work I have it's worth wasting
maybe half an hour here to throw out
someone's tweet or Look, let's see, I've
assumed that it's part of my job,
what I do, that people have an opinion
and I always give the same examples Can you
imagine a Jorge Javier Vzquez or
a Beln Esteban striking
every tweet that they don't like about what they
say about them, it doesn't make sense, come on
in, you dedicate yourself to this, you dedicate yourself
to earning well, just because you earn
well you're here, well, you have to have
more patience in fact the
law itself tells you that
public figures, and especially if they are controversial,
have to put up with a higher margin of criticism,
even insults, eh  I mean it's not
the same as you calling
Javi Oliveira a son of a [ __ ] as you calling e to estar yuki a son of a [ __ ]
Why Because it's not
controversial But well in the end or to an
anonymous person No better not Better said
no eh what can I tell you I mean it's that it's part
of I mean you're here put I mean what
you live off of is whether
people like you or not And
then people will say how ugly
Javi's face is how ugly his hair what a filthy
sweatshirt what an [ __ ]
Javi is the opinion he has on this subject well that's it
because they talk about it if it is that I mean why do you
put yourself in why do you
put yourself in public on camera no well let them talk
and if they put your click well that's it because
in the end you are in Boca of
everyone there is such a man when there is
someone already as has happened to me
on several occasions that you know
that we have to stop something that is already
getting out of hand but the level the
level for you to have to
stop it because then the
judicial issues I also
tell you for  for me justice is not for
that eh I mean there have to be issues that
you say [ __ ] it's that it's that it's that it's that you have to
stop it's that it's done
but if it can be fixed in another
way better if it can be fixed like
look listen to me each one on their side and don't
look at me badly and you don't know but
the issues dial that are not for that
because
H you are going to have you are going to sue it's going to
cost you a fortune to sue you have the
trial in I don't know how many years then
apart from having the trial in I don't know
how many years in I don't know how many more years
you have the sentence and then the parties
if you don't agree appeal or I mean
what's the point to you that in 5 or 7 years
a person reads a ruling that says oh
well look you know I mean it's very slow it's
very slow
when you have the result nobody
cares who cares if I don't
know who messed with you comes out in
5 years it doesn't make sense I mean
for me if it can be fixed in another
way like civilized people it's better
a kiss Billy a kiss now one thing is that it
can  solve in time and another
thing is that the person when they see the
wolf's ears say Oh now I
want Now I do
want to ask you for forgiveness you don't understand me either I don't know I don't know it depends on the case and it depends on the contexts and it depends on the moves But well what we are talking about I think that one day this melon has to be opened eh To know what would happen in a court why Because it would
also be very subjective because in the
end the trials are very subjective we have
seen on many occasions that what
a judge can tell you yes another
judge can tell you no and they have the
same tools okay And surely
the same preparation but let's see what would
happen I mean for me simply by
logic using
logic you can't put strikes
and less under threats no and under warnings I
mean at the moment that you are giving a
warning Hey if you talk about me I will do this to you and
screw you I mean you are me you are
telling me that you have the bad faith to
screw up my
business Luis a kiss a kiss what is what I am
telling you I mean if someone goes too far goes over
the line with you and such and you
have to sue them  Well, you sue and
that person has to take it, they
have to pay you to compensate you.
In the end, lawsuits are asking for peace.
But
but but for me, by logic, it doesn't stop. To
start from the basis that the
copyright tool is for
copyright, what would copyright be? Well,
someone takes your live streams,
uploads the best of the best, the best of
Juan, the best, I don't know what. I mean, of course, they're
taking your live stream,
cutting it up, and uploading it or a video of
yours that you take and put it up as a
member and someone takes it and uploads it, okay,
but for
clips, which is also in
YouTube's rules, you can take clicks to
give weight to what you're saying. I mean,
you can take a click, obviously,
I can't take what I'm telling you and
put half a video here,
eh. Let's see, the reactions are
allowed. In fact, there have been times
when they've tried to throw out the
reactions here at the salsera and YouTube tells them
that they were, I get the email that
YouTube told the other person that they
were because I think that the way I do them, the way I do them, they
are allowed,
but
basically  at the moment since you
first are threatening so that they don't
talk about you when you don't have the
right to take it away from them you don't have that
power to take away from anyone the power to
not talk about you
okay And and to do it under under those types of
threats no no because then I'm going to
harm your your channel clo you can be
left without a channel no and without
channels
[Music]
m I don't see it logically no because
at the moment you're saying
use the copyright tool because you
criticize me you are using it
fraudulently you are not using the
tool and YouTube doesn't give you that
tool for that it gives it to you for
something else so it would be interesting
Look When someone gives you a strike and
YouTube accepts it okay because YouTube
Maybe when it's clear YouTube
tells the other no and rejects it
okay But there are times when it works I've
seen that a strike has slipped through for using
2 seconds of content from I don't know who
okay that happened that happened and I had the md
show about that and they deleted it I don't know
why recently I looked for it and they had
deleted it when they give you a
strike you can appeal it if  you think
you're right And if you appeal the
other person has 10 days to file
a lawsuit okay And then if that
person in those 10 days does not file the
lawsuit which is what usually happens I mean
in fact neither Disney nor
Universal nor Tele5 usually sue when you complain they
don't even get involved in suing because they are
not clear about it okay eh but
someday this should come to
someone for example do you remember what happened with
Lada Lada won the appeal and took the
clown Lean Richo and filed a
false lawsuit filed a
false lawsuit because he was angry so as not to be
left without stopping when no one is
going to agree with him anyway and the guy
filed a lawsuit to present
the lawsuit to YouTube you know and fraudulently
when the other person files the
lawsuit against you then I don't know if er TR they
take it away I think they won't give you back the video
but the ex maybe they do take it away
eh And the court decides and that
's when the game says Hey well look
Delete the video don't delete the video or don't
delete it but  pay him the profit you know
The judge is the one who decides but for me
for me it is that nobody is going to take that
to a gamer because nobody has it Of course
but you have
it the size of your head you know what I mean freedom of expression I think that I have the free right to change video games whenever the tip of my dick comes out if I feel like it I have the free right to give an
opinion on the games that I play and I have the
free right to
literally thank whoever I
want and I don't know I mean it seems to me that
but people can't comment on your
content Pio I think that in the
world freedom is until you
cross the thin line of affecting the
lives of others I affect the lives of
literally giving thanks to whoever I
want and I don't know I mean it seems to me that
7% I am m this movement that I am going to
make as much as it hurts me in
further views it is going to improve my life and a
person a lot but nevertheless you
are not able to ignore the videos where
they talk about you Agustn is a battery here I
leave you a tutorial sights more by  much
that hurts me in views beyond it is going to
improve my life and it is going to make me a
much happier person but
nevertheless you are not able to ignore the
videos where they talk about you Agustn is a
failure here I leave you a tutorial but only
because I like you okay people like
nauter Turbo and all this kind of
cowardly garbage Just do not give it the
slightest attention if you get a
recommended video Simply read the three
points do not recommend me anymore although since
we are into the subject vent it
all out In fact for not doing it They
are not even in these types of channels
Looking for the clips that they will later comment on they
have Latin people who get paid a
[ __ ] [ __ ] who are all
day long with the obsession of four
content creators full of
rescuing clips Ugh at least the
last one is not about me to then put it
as a Gameplay background [ __ ] This if you
have tried to create content about
your own content and nobody sees you
nobody sees you have to put my
big caner with tears No this
also goes for me to you my thumbnail
better  or worse than those on your channel
making faces as if you had some
kind of deficiency so that someone
clicks on your
video there of demagoguery El Agustn
eh so he has Latin people who
pay him two duros or so he has used
uncle sh eh So that they send you the
clicks it's like Well of course
eh And what's the [ __ ] problem with
people sending you the clicks I mean
obviously I don't have I don't have a thousand eyes
obviously people send me they send me
the gossip no I mean these people
collect gossip I mean but not only
luar I mean also eh but Lu is
right now more focused on other
things he is in more places helping me
with the main one and with telesalseo
than with looking for me but sometimes there are
days that they also do the
news for me they collect the news for me
but we also have a group where
the kids are and by the way if you
are watching me those of the
kids group okay in the Twitter group
although not in context every day we
get in and and if it's not me it's  luar and they put out
all the gossip and they're there every
day in the group putting Look at this
t of this this t of the other this t you know
everything all day all day
8711 has been the [ __ ] peak in
today's live on the
main channel and it was a fake live that I
recorded this morning because I was sick
well no no I didn't record it fake in the morning
because I was sick I recorded it we
recorded it fake this morning because one
of today's guests Luis Garrido
is in Thailand when Fran comes
when Fran comes if it's
really live because Fran I meet with him He gets
up early Fran gets up like in
the places he does even the shopping
poor thing what would I do without my luar what would
I do without luar well neither me nor you
luares we can't lack life
listen to me Fran gets up at 4 to
start giving bottles And then
when we meet with Fran if he comes
live for real but of course right now in
Thailand when I do the live shows at
10 at night not with Trium in
Thailand
[Music] it
's 3 in the morning  or something like that 2
or 3 in the morning of course then
when we do it with Luis Garrido it's
normally recorded it's normally recorded
eh but brutal today eh brutal today the [ __ ]
live [ __ ] What a shame eh if I had
known and I didn't but it's that I was bad
and we did it for an hour 40 because I
was already bad my voice didn't come out anymore
look now for example now at
night I'm a little better now I'm going to go
away I'm going to see if there's something around here
here more like this for telesalseo that
now I'm going to
record it Ah that Uncle Sur also
no let's see he would also talk about how
these content creators would exploit
Latino people that not even they are
capable of watching the live shows to get
the information Ah so Uncle Shur
simply mentioned the news
in the third person no the guy
hasn't answered that it can't be that if I
disappear one day there won't be a lack
because there's a lot of content but there's also no
excess who wants to see me sees me and
who wants to see someone else sees someone else I don't know
or so it really seems like a fault to me  out of
respect what these types of
creators do, I'm not going to say they are
content creators, they are commentators
on content created by other
content creators, but I don't dedicate myself to
creating content about absolutely anything, in
fact, why not? They are not even
on these types of channels. Looking for the
clips that they will later comment on, they have
Latin
people who pay them one who are all with the obsession of four content creators going to rescue clips and then put it with a Gameplay in the background and then start to disrespect the creator, disrespect the creator, say terrible things about the creator while you have 400 followers on
Instagram, your life is of no interest to
absolutely anyone and you dedicate yourself to
insulting and disrespecting you, how you
sleep at night, well, I'm going to
tell you how you sleep at night due to
the fact that neither your father nor your mother
have instilled you well or given you an
education that you deserve. I mean, you deserve it and it's
not your fault for not having received it, but I'm
not going to say names because then they
profit, but man, they haven't educated you well
if you sleep comfortably, man, they haven't educated you
well if you sleep  I don't give opinions
on things at ease I'm just saying I'm leaving
Fortnite Battle Royale guys I'm going to
change games and you're already creating
toxicity on me because you want to profit from
that because you want people to
give me toxicity man I don't know how to sleep
well dude I don't know I would also say that
the videos that make those types of channels I
made when I was 14
when the audiovisual refers to giving it
a couple of turns You're going to continue because
if not you'll die of hunger because you've
tried to create content about your
own content and nobody sees you
nobody sees you have to put my face
big with tears so that someone
clicks on your video that I edited like
you edit your videos I edited it at
14 years old at 14 years old you have been editing
videos the same way you live off
mediocrity you live off garbage content and you'll
still sleep a lot You're garbage
esc this you feel Ah has ron
identified okay without saying name if you
're listening to this and you feel
identified you are garbage the videos that
you make  what did I do when I was 14
okay the edits that you do the
superp voice The gameplay in the background while you
literally see a creator
above are edits that I made when I was 14 they
don't impress me in the least
and they are completely unbearable
only people who are
capable of consir to consume
garbage content see it macho garbage garbage
macho it is garbage content Macho And I
would end with these words towards
these people why did you change I
love it because the guy sh speaks in the
third person not as if with him it
wasn't the thing because I felt like it I
felt like changing games what I don't
understand why I am disrespected
because I change games or why I see my
face on channels that are not mine how
embarrassing you give me how
embarrassing you give me that you dedicate yourself to laughing
at me when you know that you need me
equally and that you are asking your
miniaturer to put my face on your
miniature in big size with tears because
if not your video will not click nor you because
if you put your face nobody will see you  that you think
dude really you half believe that I think
dude you half believe dude you
're spending 9 10 minutes
insulting me disrespecting me while
after when you're done doing that you
ask your miniature maker to make me
big in the miniature no no you're embarrassed
I don't even mention the people I
hate or go to them
much less I would be excited to
profit from their face I would be
ashamed I would think they would seem mediocre I
dedicate myself to insulting a kid from
whom I'm taking advantage of their image There's
no more basic description you've
made your education
sec I cry a lot Okay
guys I saw it over here okay I didn't have
more nayo either rescued over
here yes about fofo about fofo's girlfriend
but I'm not going to comment on it I'm not
going to comment on it because I'm going to give up
here I'm going to record a couple of things
and I'm going to record two short things for
teres salseo and I'm going to leave it here
okay
and to see if tomorrow it may be that
we're at full capacity more  or less Hopefully tomorrow we'll be at
full capacity Hopefully tomorrow I'll
wake up and be full of energy man
arjit's hacked channel let's see
arjit's hacked channel but it's like very common
not that they're hacking all the time
No to the to the channels now on YouTube
no let's see
arit
okay let's see
Yeah well I saw this it didn't upload like a
taser I saw this not a teaser of
Marbella but let's see what they've
hacked So what is Twitch error
Twitch authenticate let's
see Well then I can go ahead and report
here in case you see
weird or directly
deleted videos on my channels they've hacked the PC I
was using yesterday to edit the video
and they've gotten into all my accounts of
almost everything like Pedro at
home skipping the two-
step verification of Google and YouTube damn
this is different from the typical hacks let's
see normally these hacks that are
happening a lot the other day there was one
with us we were talking about Axel a channel
of the lords news okay
royalty and so on normally it's because
you  you download something that is sent to you by
email
and what they hack is Google,
YouTube, not everything, I mean Twitch, in
fact, Twitch is not something that they usually
hack right, it's been seen a lot, it's been seen
some but it's not that much, what with
YouTube is like super common. Also, you
contact the YouTube team, okay, and in a
few days they usually give it back to you without any
problem. I told them, I told Axel, don't worry, they're
going to give it back to you. Plus, they don't
delete your videos, they leave them
private, they start uploading and doing
live broadcasts of cryptocurrencies and things like
that. I don't understand much of the logic, but oh
well, eh. But well, what he's saying
is that Hera is different, so they've
gotten into his computer, that's called a
Trojan, if I'm not mistaken. eh, they've
tried to change my passwords but
thank the Lord I'm stopping everything or
almost everything. I really wanted to start
Mar Bella Bay in a big way because
the character is very important, but it's
caught me really
caught today, I won't be able to start the roll
that I had ready because I have to
solve everything as soon as possible and Gar things,
besides that I'm very down
and it can't start like this I'm so sorry but tomorrow we open early and we'll spend the whole day with Nadia it is and will be the best story I'll ever do I'm absolutely sure I'm so sorry I highly recommend you see the technician I add that on top of that they have put in the emails a very strange way to
recover them with a
USB that I'm not sure about anyway
Oh the
USB the USB you have when they give you the
computer it's like a copy that is made
of a recovery of
restoration I don't know if I have mine
but I think I have it around here in a
drawer in the computer do you remember that the
computer was set up for me What was
the boy's name super nice also super nice
kid has a video on his
YouTube channel let's see if we put pcol olira on YouTube
if we put PC on YouTube Ja you get the
video of the Boy setting up my PC eh
bull tocho super nice the truth super
nice the truth is that the kid behaved s let's
go he was a Charming the
truth anyway I hate technology and
one day you will see me
in the mountains milking cows  and taking care of
my
chickens says dasas happens to you
Download the premiere 100% crack full a
link mega plugin 100% the next time I don't
pirate and it
could be because of
hacking how how would that type
of
virus get into it let's see a tran can enter the
same way as
YouTube
no because they promise you one let's see what
YouTube this that I know is that so
many channels are being hacked it's usually
because they offer you promotions I'm such a
brand also super downloaded I don't
understand how people fall for that
and I don't think that because of
piracy I would have already found it I
don't know he will already tell it I wasn't going to be
able to even if I wanted to go to sleep Javi
without Javi What will we do sad face you don't
value me enough you don't value me
enough If that will
happen I suppose it will be a way to
prevent them from getting into my Twitch but I don't
know phew
what a mess eh what a mess okay They are already
uploading crappy videos with links
full of viruses to my secondary channel do not
enter anything under any
circumstances and another one has uploaded okay, that is, he has
created another channel
arit
bid well in  finally he'll recover it eh sure
he'll recover these things there are times
that take longer Axel for example yes it
took him quite a while on this occasion
but they usually usually recover without
problem the
truth is they usually recover without problems
so I don't think there's a problem eh
excuse the redundancy guys I'm going ok I'm
going I don't know if I'm going to start recording
now for telesalseo I don't know what to
do it's 2:30 I think I don't think I'm
going to pass the editor the work he has to
do tomorrow when he
gets up in the
morning and I'm going to rest well it
's an 8 minute video Okay now I'll
see now I'll see I'm going to rest for a while
preparing the editor this I'm going to be
quiet and now I'll see guys Thank you very much
for the company let's see if
tomorrow we're at full capacity and I'm over here
commenting gossip let's see if there are more topics
too I'll tell you okay And rest handsome
a big kiss